Curriculum Builder Release Notes

Version 2.3 Release Notes (July 2016)

     Proxy Support
     CB now allows you to specify a proxy in the administrative panel.  This proxy will be applied to all CustomLinks in the system.  This is critical for libraries that rely on systems like EZProxy to automatically proxy all links on a page; since CB is not a proxied service, EZproxy never "sees" links in CB, whereas in EDS proper, they would be proxied.  It supports prefix-style and WAM-style proxy strings, as well as encoding.
     
     Folder Improvements
     Users can no relabel and reorder folders, and folders are now included in all copy-list functions.
     
     Research Starters
     EBSCO Discovery Service Research Starters are now available for EDS users of Curriculum Builder.  These will appear at the top of the results and can be added to reading lists just like any other materials.
     
     Student Statistics
     A more granular downloadable student usage report is now available, allowing libraries to see either anonymized or student-identified access to specific readings in the reading list.  This could be useful for learning analytics purposes.  Libraries will have the option to collect detailed, anonymized, or no student activity data.  The default is NO student activity data.  If anonymized is selected, instructors will not see student names on who read; however, libraries will be able to download anonymized student activity.  The identifier for an individual user is the user ID provided by the LMS.
     
     Various Minor Enhancements
     Ability to relabel the main search box and link formerly labeled "Search for Library Resources"
     URLs added to the header text automatically become hyperlinked
     Libraries can specify which roles have editing privileges for lists; before, this was limited to Instructors and Teaching Assistants.
     Countdown for character limit appears under notes field, alerting list builders how much space they have left for notes.
     Added help tips for administrative panel

     Bug Fixes
     There was a bug that would cause two readings with the same title to appear as the same reading, even if they were actually different readings.  This has been fixed.
     There was a bug that disallowed ampersands and non-latin characters in text fields; this has been fixed.
     There was a bug that prevented folder structure from being copied by the 'copy lists' feature.  This has been fixed.
     There was a bug that allowed instructors to add restricted HBR articles to reading lists.  The publisher does not allow these select articles to be used as course materials without an enhanced licensing agreement.  This has been fixed.

Version 2.2 Release Notes (Nov 2015)
     Foldering Options in Reading Lists
     For users who only want (or who can only have) one reading list in their course, it hasn't been easy to organize a large number of readings in a single, long list.  With the December release of Curriculum Builder we are introducing folder options that will allow instructors and list authors to build folder of items to make it easier to categorize and organize their readings within a single Curriculum Builder reading list.

     Linking to Curated and Canonical Lists
     Many institutions leverage instructional designers or librarians to build lists on behalf of their instructional faculty.  In the past, when a designer or librarian has made a list, the faculty member would have to use the Import from Existing List features to bring that list into their own list, creating a copy of the original list.  Instructors will now be able to link to an existing list, making it much easier to manage a list from a central location and have all changes reflected everywhere that list is linked.  This also greatly benefits the LMS copy-course functionality, eliminating the need for faculty to recreate their lists each semester and instead, recreating just the link to the existing, canonical list.  

     Migration Tool
     Anyone can now migrate and export their reading lists between two different Curriculum Builder systems (e.g., exporting from a locally hosted Curriculum Builder to our cloud-based one, or vice-versa).  

     Privacy Upgrades
     It is no longer required to share user names and emails with Curriculum Builder, but it is still encourages to make statistics reporting easier to read (e.g., who's using the tool versus who isn't), and it is still required if you want faculty to be able to see which students have clicked on the readings and which ones haven't.

     Minor Updates
     Improved full text link display, better support for embedding Curriculum Builder in a frame in the LMS due to HTTPS security issues.  Email at bottom of the screen is now a link instead of just plain text.  Teachers Assistants can now edit lists.  Downloadable CSV files detailing what readings are in what lists.  Ability to show only the first full text link on the reading list (detailed records will still show multiple full text links as available).  Full text link now shows on the reading list itself, not just the detailed record.

Version 2.1.1 Release Notes (Sep 2015)
     Better support for Sakai LMS.
     No longer required user’s name and email address.
     Option to open the tool in a new window.

Version 2.1 Release Notes (May 2015)
     Session variables are no longer in use, and instead, browser cookies are leverages to power the tool.
     The new administrative panel for Curriculum Builder allows libraries to configure elements of the user experience. New options include the ability to enable the collection of student names as they access readings, allowing faculty members to see who has done the readings and who hasn’t, as well as options to let faculty members see items that the library does not own in their search results. Your login for this new administrative panel will be the consumer key and secret provided in your Welcome Letter, not your user ID, password and profile information.
     Faculty members can now use a drag-and-drop sorting mechanism to re-arrange the items on their reading lists and apply the sort order. Icons and book jackets are included in the reading list view, as well as full metadata (author, source, publication and date) for the readings. Support for different character sets in the notes field is improved.
     Full support for HTTPS is now in place, so Curriculum Builder can be embedded in the frame of your learning management system, creating a more seamless connection. It no longer pops open a new window.
     Quote/phrase searching and various special characters and languages are now supported in search. Customers who experienced difficulty when trying to apply a facet with special characters in it will now see an improved experience.

Version 2.0 Release Notes
     The application no longer needs to write to the server.  All information needed by the tool is stored in the MySQL database.
     This application requires the use of the default session storage location.  If you receive an error when attempting to launch this tool that indicates your session storage is not writable, you will need to follow these steps:
          Either make the default session storage location writable (recommended), or
          Add this line just before all instances of the line session_start() in your code:
          session_save_path(“session”);
     Then create a directory (if it’s not already there) named session in the root directory of your application.  Set the permissions on this folder such that the webserver can write to it.
     A Consumer Key/Secret has been added to the application to help prevent unauthorized use of your tool, along with a tool to administer your keys and secrets.
     Minor bug fixes.

Version 1.1 Release Notes
     New administration tool that allows you to delete lists from the database (not just from the classes) and provides access to usage statistics. Log in to any reading list, then direct your browser to admin.php 
     Default of list privacy is set to private. 
     Improved error messaging for installation process. 
     Bug fixes: 
          Reading lists from other institutions might appear in “Copy list” functionality 
          Detailed records on searches that contained “AND” would display an error 
          Websites saved to the reading list with hashed would not display in the reading list 

Version 1.0 (Initial Release)